[16.0][ADD] pos_daily_sales_reports_category_only (#5)
trisdoan/pos: pos_daily_sales_reports_category_only/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module removes product lines on Reports as below:
  .. image:: ../static/img/sample_report.png

> The feature can be disabled by unchecking below box:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is enabled by default on installation of the module. It can be disabled by unticking this setting:
```
